Listen here y'all, listen real close, closer, come on don't be scared, snuggle on up with
your little wolfy boy, prepare to be comforted by the sounds of your favorite cuddle bug
wolf the dog, broadcasting live from 694.2 PTBP the radio station of your dreams baby.
This week's howlin with wolf comes from atj51ropa on twitter who tagged at pretending pod in
one of them their tweets, wow what a thoughtful act of support on a social media platform
that wolf definitely knows how to use without help, thanks my baby, they write, hey wolf
my dog, been missing your dulcet tones since I moved from contention to the city, it was
a real pleasant surprise to hear your pirate station up and running, can you give a shout
out to my lady still living in contention, I haven't heard from her in a couple days
so I think she must be mad at me, why else won't she return my calls, Bethany Ann Laberbarra
if you're listening, I love you, now that I think about it, no one from contention has
returned my calls, huh from JR pronounced JR not Jr from twitter slash the city, well
JR not Jr I once had me a little wolfy guy who would never return my calls, the only
thing that got her attention was when I threw a brick covered in crawdad grease through
her window in the dead of night, she finally started talking to me though it may have been
to scream at me that she was calling the police, so Bethany Ann return JR not Jr's
calls won't you, if you don't we'll have to assume something bad is going down in contention
that would prevent true love from blossoming, speaking of bad shit going down that prevents
any of us from finding true happiness, this is the news, last time our intrepid former
police officers entered the glass family compound and took a strange elevator meeting a nice
old lady and her spell performing friends on the way down to some kind of massive dank
aquatic interrogation chamber, on metal catwalks above murky green water they found Francis
beans interrogating Kathy Piston while lowering George Piston into the foul aquarium, unsurprisingly
a bit of a tussle ensued, also unsurprisingly Keith Vigna found his way into the water,
but as he was climbing up George Piston's body to escape from an unknown creature in
the depths that very beast swallowed the two of them and dove back into the hideous and
opaque pool below, oh no y'all that can't be good can it, oh well I have a note here
from my producer, seems like back in episode 34 we claimed there would be some sort of
announcement when we hit 100 reviews on itunes, and with a last minute push following a post
from user bruzka on the subreddit we have surpassed this 100 review mark, thank you
so much to each and every one of you, these reviews really do help spread the madness
further and further, wolf bless you my children, every one of you, for your efforts we are
sponsoring a giveaway slash contest over on the subreddit, r slash pretending to be people,
you can enter by submitting PTBP inspired fan art, fan fic, or cosplay, receive up to
three entries in the giveaway by submitting in each category, however you can submit as
many entries as your wolf pup heart desires to try to win the contest, for the giveaway
we will randomly select two entries and both lucky listeners will win a dnd 5e starter
set and five sets of dice, perfect to introduce your friends to the best hobby, next to dumpster
diving of course, huge shout out to at dmgrizzly on instagram for offing up these sweet rewards,
in addition the second entry selected will also receive a box of dnd dungeon tiles that
luke touched, a welcome addition to any gm's map building stockpile, as for the contest
aspect the cast of pretending to be people will choose their favorite submission and
that absolute champion will win a copy of delta green the role playing game which includes
not one but two rulebooks the agent's handbook and the handler's guide as well as five sets
of dice to prepare you and four friends for the fight to hold back the relentless darkness
creeping steadily forward we will accept submissions until 11 59 p.m central on september 23rd
and we will announce the winner shortly thereafter you'll be happy wolf will be happy and when
wolf is happy he claps his hands on the three and four it is katsu and they are bringing us no back
bow
so we finally got luke off the podcast good riddance to bad lukes that's what i say that
was voted on by the patreon listeners you can subscribe for five dollars a month or
up and you get to you get to vote him off as much as you want no that sucks we can't
chibaka him without a uh is he hon or luke he'd be luke right it's fitting damn it you
just wanted to be on solo but well i'm not on solo but john lee pettimore is compared
to keith vigna well i'm not han solo i'm not i'm no han solo i'm not a hero i'm just a
guy on a role-playing podcast don't call me a hero
okay i'll keep that in my fine i'm a hero don't make me sing don't rub my face in it you know
my heroic rugged face and you can see that heroic rugged face on our instagram at pretending pod
woof let's dive into it while we on that jovial note yeah
keith dived into it those murky black waters from which he'll never return
clark bishop john lee pettimore and francis beans are standing on a recently made wet catwalk
as the water begins to calm in front of them you guys see a couple bubbles rise to the top keith
keith silence prisoner don't speak about your captors in such a familiar tone
mr vigna that's that's better what is francis doing she is standing perfectly still staring
at the water along with you guys and then she looks over at you i guess let's just fucking
hang this guy up and we can torture him or you know interrogate him at like the same time yeah
sure all right why don't you get that hook ready and i'll get him ready okay so she jumps and grabs
on to the rope and swings across to the other side of the catwalk the chain yes sorry the chain
she grabs on to this wet mossy covered chain and swings across to the other side and then walks
toward you guys with the chain with the fish hook on the end of it and she begins walking toward
you what do you do i walk around the other side away from her stop being so squirrely prisoner
as she's approaching with the fish hook like she's stretching the chain out behind her right like
hauling it i want to try to like sneak attack her and just shove the hook right into her face
okay let's go ahead and i want to be like here let me let me see that pass it here and then i
just want to shove it straight up through her brain all right let's do a melee contest go
ahead and roll uh melee combat for me i have okay so we've got unarmed combat and melee weapons yes
all right this would be a melee weapon yeah okay gotcha
glad i didn't put any points in that yay ten yeah uh she rolled a 12.
fuck yeah oh damn it so as you move to grab this and basically attack her with it she gets the
jump on you and immediately turns it around and shoves it into your let's see what damage would
this be let's call it a d8 i mean can i try to dodge no you failed the competition against her
and she shoves it directly into your shoulder and the fish hook goes and you can feel it break into
the metal underneath your skin and then push through the metal that is just on the other
side of your skin as it goes into your shoulder what's that put your hit points at what did she
roll six damage uh that puts me at 13. all righty and as she does that it is clark bishop's turn can
i try and kick her and push her or shove her into the water that she's standing there absolutely
hold on i'd like to persuade her again
that'll be unarmed combat are we good no what are you doing what are you doing
are you fucking with me right now no no you're not yet not yet
so lick thought we called his name and so he came barging into the
wow it was your scream i met uh when you get the hook yeah it was
i didn't scream
you just screamed the thing that hurt you
it's a strange pronunciation but it got his attention i am unarmed combating
her to push her into the water absolutely go ahead and roll it
oh oh i did oh my god it's a crit success it's a 66 on a 70 okay i thought i could fail but i
got a 70 in that unarmed all right so i gave luke a check for avoiding going into the water
it was a dexterity check so i'm even though you crit succeeded i'm going to give her the same
role but i'm going to give her a negative 40 to her dexterity which actually puts her dexterity
which actually puts her dexterity at 30 so if she can roll
why even roll why don't you a success on a 30 then she can avoid
and i rolled a 44 thank fuck a crit fail fail so do you want to describe what happens as
francis beans shoves this small girl shoves this big fish hook this big like rusty fish hook into
more you come up and kick her off kick her center mass and just fling her into the water
but for the failiness of it i want you to tell me what happens yeah no as as you as you kick her
she is actually going to smack her head on the side of the catwalk as she falls in and her limp
body immediately just like belly flops onto the water kathy piston starts hollering she's like oh
fuck yeah baby that is what i like to see and the limp soon to be perhaps corpse of francis beans
lies floating on top of the dark green murky water below we're gonna cut to luke oh what
he's in a fish
you mean i'd like to see him get out of this conundrum
it's character creation that's all they're gonna do tonight it'd actually be amazing
so
yeah i think we decided that thomas either just yelled or mispronounced hook or yeah well i was
all the way in the kitchen talking to taylor i just heard a loud yell with a k sound at the
end so i was like oh i think they're calling me
well i just miss you guys exactly that makes sense it's time for you now okay well i can't
say that i'm excited about it but let's see where it goes it's extremely wet and dark and all you
hear is as all of this viscous membrane and water is pouring in and you also hear the cries
of george piston who is inside this creature with you first off i need you to roll sanity
16 on a nine you're gonna lose one sanity that puts me at my breaking point oh okay well then
let's get you a mania from the call of cthulhu seventh edition rule book okay i'll roll three
times three times on a d100 uh 67 all righty
21 all right
and 84 84 67 21 84 all righty 67 is mellow mania which is an obsession with music or a specific
tune okay 21 is kaka demon mania is a pathological belief that one is inhabited by an evil spirit
okay i like that one what's the last one 84 is 84 is plutomania which is the obsessive
desire for wealth i'm gonna go ahead and say the second one where i think what is it i'm possessed
by a demon cacodemomania cacodemomania yeah c-a-c-o-d-e-m-o mania okay and so you pronounce it
just as well as i could cacodemomania cacodemomania is a pathological belief that one is inhabited
by an evil spirit so now keith vigna oh i like this you have both had the empathy taken from
you correct and you also believe yourself to be inhabited by an evil spirit it's a very fun
combination that is good and you are inside of a giant creature with george piston who cries out
in the darkness you got my you got my leg you got you got my leg who is that who's who is am i
grabbing onto his leg i believe you were still holding on to it from when you were holding on
trying to climb up him i say nothing and i try to claw my way up george piston put my foot on his
head and reach and try to get as close up to the mouth of this creature as i can absolutely so what
i'm gonna need you to do as you are pushing your back against this disgusting membrane you actually
feel the mucus and the the viscous sludge that is the inside of this creature perhaps burning what
is that feeling it's it's not quite burning it's it smells terrible in here and you feel pain and
you had no senses yeah so i'm gonna need you to roll constitution if i don't roll over this would
be real mad what do you have in constitution god damn it 70 i rolled at 89 all righty you are going
to take two damage okay not bad and you continue climbing up george piston starts screaming out and
he's just like no no it fucking burns i punch him in the face to shut him up it's completely
dark in here so go ahead and roll at a negative 40 you're unarmed i can't i can't roll that then
okay so you don't do that you're swinging wildly at what you think might be george piston your fists
are only getting more inside fish man creature okay uh i just continue crawling up as you begin
climbing up this massive disgusting creature is going to attempt to swallow harder in order to
digest you sooner okay as it moves and contracts its muscles it rolls a 19 and you begin moving
down from where you were and it is clear that the muscle muscly walls on either side of you are
pushing you further into this fish creature and you are exactly where you were last round go
ahead and roll a constitution check as more juices flow over your skin the face the face that luke
just made i roll a 90 well that sucks okay i'm getting even more new dice let's go ahead and
roll some damage here god damn it six i have been rolling like bullshit tonight six yeah you're
gonna take six more damage as these juices like literally start burning that puts me down to 17
and instead of crawling up i take out my very small very powerful pistol and fire off as many
shots as i can around you know like a not in the same spot but around the same spot to try to
put a hole in this creature all right go ahead and roll 2d 10 for damage for me
12 12 you begin shooting and you can feel the writhing and discomfort within this creature
that you are within as it begins to freak out and it's swimming all or like the movement is
uncanny compared to how smooth everything was before i mean your gun fires and you can feel
the pressure that you've blown into the inside of this fish but there's no water gushing in from the
side or anything yet and it decides to continue its plan of swallowing you further so it is going
to roll again am i doing con again or and then i need you to roll con thank you that is a 44
on a 70 oh all right you are still gonna take damage just a lower dice but with a crit success
you will take no damage from this mucus yeah and you are still in the same spot you're in
what i want to do is i want to pull out a frag grenade stick it in the hole that i've made with
my gun and then i want to push george up against that hole oh my god to protect myself oh that is
rough fish holy shit okay i'm gonna have you roll an athletics check in order to move george piston
into position it's 45 on a 50 45 on a 50 as hell yeah you do exactly what you described you pull
out a frag grenade you knew exactly where they were on your belt or inside i'm sorry inside your
massive in my in my trunks at this point these are doubling as swimming trunks and i've never seen
cargo shorts used as swimming trunks that's a lie i live in southwest missouri i've definitely
seen just technically swimming trunks now and you shove this frag grenade up into the hole that
you've made with your small but powerful gun and then you grab the underneath the arms of george
piston and move him directly over the position which he would usually i think he would win the
medal of honor for jesus christ had he not been put there by me taking one for the team uh
do you think that part of your action of doing this is caused by your new belief that there's
an evil spirit inside of you absolutely and then are you just giving yourself a pass because well
it's there's an evil spirit inside of me and i literally part of my brain that has empathy is
missing oh yep i said it earlier and i already forgot the uh combination of the two i am i'm
better than everybody i know and i don't give a fuck if you die for me to live all right well
let's go ahead and i'm gonna roll some damage here actually i'll have you roll the damage okay what
do you want me to roll i'm sure that there is a specific amount of damage taken from a frag
grenade but i'm gonna say that you're gonna roll 46 because you are putting him literally right
up against it that's six eleven eleven so you're gonna have that and you're gonna take half that
damage rounding up so you take six more damage okay however you have successfully blown a hole
in the side of this creature you immediately feel cold water rushing in whereas before you
were just surrounded by warm wet mucus and guts but now there's this cold murky water coming in
and you can kind of feel an opening that you can grip you know what i'm talking about yeah i want
to ace ventura out of this fish can you describe that in physical detail for me i've never seen
ace ventura the grenade explodes shrapnel pretty much blows george in half so that's the reason why
water's rushing in instead of him being stuck up next to it is his body's blown in half he may
still be alive for a minute but probably not i miss leo i stick my head with my hands
right up against my like forehead uh-huh and i start ripping this fish open and i'm just
wiggling my face out to where it's barely out and then i with all my strength push myself out
into the water out of this is this did did it's always sunny do the exact same joke as ace
ventura it was ace ventura putting his face out of a fake rhinos butthole oh okay i'll show it
to you after this i think frank uh danny divido comes out of a couch yeah very similar all right
well you are birthed out of this massive creature i pull a jonah except i think jonah was less
violent i i don't know ninova was a pretty dirty place all right let's uh let's get the rest of
the place into the room for this next part clark bishop john lee pettymore the two of you are
standing on this wet catwalk looking down at the body of francis beans underneath the surface of
the water deep down somewhere below you feel this massive quake and there's a rumbling of the entire
catwalk and it shakes you violently back and forth you hold your footing but you see this
burst of light from inside the murky water below and then you start to see bubbles coming up
onto the surface of this disgusting water and looking at the body of francis beans
you see right next to her the water break and popping up to the surface is keith vigna
keith keith fuck i'm just flapping around like trying to stay above water catching my breath
guys get me the fuck out of this water oh my god oh keith vigna is george is george alive
kathy screams from her spot hanging from these chains get me out of here and i'll let you know
what happened i go reaching down to try and grab keith with nothing really keeping you from doing
so you're able to grab onto him and we grab each other and you pull me up out of the mucky slippery
water i grab the edge and i hoist myself up you see that keith's skin is red and burned and kind
of peeling a little bit am i able to first aid myself or does that need to happen by someone
else you certainly don't have the materials that's to do that right now someone's gonna have to look
you down pee on him i i get up i fall over the i fall over the railing i immediately start peeing
with a penis that works i i get up i fall over the railing and i am just laying sprawled out on my
back on the catwalk trying to catch my breath what the what the fuck keith where is he where's my
george he didn't make it what do you what do you mean he didn't make it you made it was he not right
he helped me get out in a way get out and then i kind of laughed
in a way he helped me get out well what do you mean he helps you get out
he uh he uh sacrificed himself in it for me if you will you heartless bastard what the fuck happened
down there i just look up at the above me and just keep catching my breath keith are you
teeth what yeah what happened are you with us what i saw you i saw you get eaten but i felt
myself get eaten i was halfway digested by a fucking fish i had to shoot my way out i
look at kathy and i'm like you know what i don't care you gotta know i shot my way out
couldn't didn't really work so i stuck a grenade in the hole that i made
i put george right up against that hole to shield
and i blew my way out of that fish oh no you did what keith you're the worst cop i don't know
if he had i hope he had a quick death but he was screaming as i as i squirmed my way out
she doesn't need to know that why did you think she should know that
there's something in me she's just crying there's something in me uh i want to i want to
okay i hit him i hit him with the bottom of my gun in the head oh my god do you let that
happen keith no i'm gonna roll against that yeah all right melee against dodge what are you doing
he's coming at you with the butt of his gun uh look at me what do you do athletics no no not
what role you do what do you do to get out of the way of his gun he's coming at you with the
butt of his gun i roll over you roll over yeah so that's a dodge so okay you're gonna roll against
his melee weapons i have a 56 on a 30 i also failed 64 on a 40 john lee petty more 30 you
kind of like sideswipe his face but he's like literally covered in this disgusting mucusy
goo that hasn't quite rinsed off completely and the butt of your gun just kind of slides right
off the side of his head okay so i turn it around and i point it at his face and i say what the fuck
do you mean there's something in you something i saw something in there i don't know if i'm
gonna try to control it but there's something evil inside me can i look into keith's eyes
do i see any difference is there a little man in there i see a little boy
evil man strapping luke what does he see in your eyes they look past you when you look into him
i look over keith's head at kevin john and um i do just kind of like a look
oh you pull your collar
while they do that i i slide myself up into a standing position left and i look down at
francis and i'm like well looks like you guys got her taken care of should we head on well i mean
she's sort of taken care of i don't know if she she's maybe not she's just knocked out down there
she'll be she will be taken care of floating face down well i she's currently just floating down
so she's she probably died a couple minutes ago i'm saying if we want to fish her out and talk
to her that would be the time well how long since she's been in the water like a minute yeah now
would be the time for sure if it's not too late but we can try to do we want do we want to do we
want to keith you have experience in this water get her out i look at i look i'm like we can try
to hook her out of there but oh she deserves that and i i like patting my shoulder is it which you
notice is all fucked up from huh is it out of you i've just realized i don't know if we know there's
a when you patted your shoulder there's still a giant rusty fish hook inside of it you may have
noticed this giant rusty fish yeah you just you just have a lot of slack so you're able to keep
doing stuff i think we if i think at this point if we want to i don't know if we can talk to her
but she might have something on her we want to get out but otherwise i think we just continue on and
it's your niece keith i mean well my niece put me in this position i wouldn't have died if it
hadn't been for her so i could give a fuck about her is that well she offered me the terrible
decision that i had made that you made yeah of course she presented you with the choice that you
chose it's all her fault it is had it not been for her i wouldn't be in the position i am i
i didn't never died i don't think that's one way to look at it certainly i'm either way on this we
can keep going or if you want to fish her out she might have something on her but a minute face down
and water doesn't sound too promising yeah maybe we should go through her pockets that bitch
deserves anything that you fucking deem necessary now will you fucking let me down please well wait
hold up hold on a minute i need to ask you something what what are you i'm john lee
pettymore don't you recognize me and i shoot her a wink her eyes go wide and she's like no
you're definitely not bubble gum tree and i thought you don't know what that means so
i walk up behind kevin john and i look at kathy kathy's uh he's telling you the truth
that's that's john i've kind of snapped out of it real quick and i look over and i'm like i know
you don't want to talk to me after what i said but i can attest to it as well yeah we're we're
better people for you generally then than she were but i don't actually want to get you off
them chains until you ask that last question she had what did the circle of knowledge use
them homeless people for her face wrinkles up and she's like no way no way that all you all are all
connected in all sorts of this terrible nonsense we're trying to we're trying to peel back the
terrible nonsense you saw we're not on francis's side i walk past kevin toward kathy and i turn and
look back at kevin i uh i actually know what they were using the people for and i look at kathy
i said kathy i i'm working with maggie now how does she react she just lost her husband
and she is hanging grotesquely from mid forearms she is in just an insane amount of pain and
emotional torment so that while coming to her as a surprise does not necessarily garner a massive
reaction okay so i guess everyone in this whole fucking world is under some weird sort of unnatural
bullshit but if you if you if you're working for her then you fucking tell them well i'm telling
you but we're we're on your side now yeah we're trying to stop that weird supernatural bullshit
is that what you want well then fucking let me down this hurts i go ahead and do that i go ahead
and try and help her down i don't know how to do that can i do joe doesn't know how to do that
because i'm not standing there but would i be able to pull her in some way do you have uh any sort of
like mechanical engineering or she's a little bit too far away from me you'd have to like jump out
to her i mean looking over there is a lever that you saw francis using to lower george piston in
i look over at her and i tell her start swinging our way we'll grab you i've got a really high
survival skill would that help me in some way i don't think that's necessarily what that is meant
for but whoever has the highest intelligence could roll intelligence to to figure this one out i'd say
that's not me it's me oh no i have a 75 i crit failed 77 okay you are absolutely positive that
you know what you're doing kathy i think you live there now i've got this no i've got this i can get
it out definitely without severing any major arteries or hurting you in any way as we get you
off this chain assembly and you go over and do what you will to the mechanism that is holding
her up and as soon as you start fiddling with it she drops fully into the water the chain releases
and it moves all the way down and it continues to lower and lower and lower and now the top of the
chain or the bottom that you can see of the chain right up against the water is dry and has no algae
or rust on it so you know that this is in fully engaged all the way down position oh well okay
easy enough i do the opposite of what i just did and reverse that with that crit fail you lock it
into position oh damn it i'm sorry kathy can i go over and like kick the lever kathy piston is
drowning currently i want to try and kick it back the other direction but i don't know if you'll
allow that with a crit failure no i certainly won't okay no so you can kick it yeah yeah
you can set you can definitely kick it it breaks off it breaks off completely yeah there you go
and uh and there is no lever anymore god damn it i start fiddling with the other lever trying to
swing the hook into uh francis to try to pull her up and see if we can't search her george
pistons hook yeah you're trying to hook francis beans with george pistons hook is it's it's not
is it still stuck in the fish no no it was hanging yeah it's hanging yeah is she on that
side thomas what do you got i'm gonna dive into the water and try to save kathy piston there you
go so keith goes over and is fiddling with the other lever and john lee pettymore is diving in
john oh shit that was stupid well keithy you blew you blew up the fish thing right i mean he's he's
gonna be okay right there's no fish thing right i don't know how many is in here this is a look
how big this tank is oh fuck jaw get out of there i'm swimming straight down all right on the chain
uh luke and joe i'm gonna need you guys to leave the room oh shit
john lee pettymore you dive into this dark green murky water and it is pretty cold
on your skin as you begin swimming down directly following the chain yeah
so this is an interesting that's what the chain wants me to do you never break the chain so when
you are going down there i'm imagining that your mind is just filling up with all of these thoughts
about what was just said above the water how many of these creatures actually exist
in this aquarium power is a stat in this game that is for mental fortitude what is your power
60 i'm gonna have you roll a power check and if you succeed you can continue without taking
a sanity check okay
30 you push all of those thoughts those intrusive thoughts out of your mind as you begin to go hand
over hand down this chain into the darkness of this water go ahead and roll an athletics check
for me 93 on a 50 93 on a 50 as you go hand over hand you you keep slipping on all this algae that
is all over this chain but you continue making your way down and you think you hear something
your ears are completely filled up with water but something i think i hear something it's perfect
god you're right here with me inside of your mind and as you're going down i need you to roll
luck for me oh no what's your luck at my luck is at 20. oh six holy shit
fuck yes all right so i was giving you one athletics check to get down there
okay yeah so you can now make your way all the way down to where kathy is get the hook
out of her arms and follow the chain back up to the surface don't say i never did anything for
you kathy all right i'm gonna get the other boys okay
clark bishop you're looking down into the dark water where john lee pettymore just dove in
keith you're messing with this hook over over there go ahead and roll a dexterity check for
me to see if you can uh wrap or yeah dexterity for me yes sir 15 on a 60 nice much like a
nice much like a well-versed child in an arcade you know exactly how to hook onto the body of
francis beans and you can drag her over to where you can and then i dump it onto the catwalk the
body the body the body the body you dump the body onto the the catwalk and do you do anything or you
just look at it oh uh well i want to go search uh her like pockets and stuff to see if she has like
keys or any anything that we can use to continue our path into the glass compound while he's
searching can i see if i get a pulse yeah absolutely roll first aid for me clark as he's
doing that keith you're going through the pockets and really all you find is a uh a stun gun and a
card that is a dirty dog grooming key fob okay i failed my first aid roll a 68 on a 30 yeah she's
she's alive and well uh i will take the oh she's alive what that was my fail was that i found i
can tell that she's alive yeah you feel a pulse oh well i'll take the stun gun and does the card
have her name on it or is it just a yes yeah it's for it's a key fob for uh the loyalty program
at dirty dog grooming to francis beans well i'll pocket that and then uh i'll take the taser
is there any way to check and see if that works is there like a light that lights up or anything on
it sure yeah the light lights up it does the crackly noise yeah when you click on yeah it's
got two little uh metal tips at the end and a little uh static goes in between the two points
i'll stick that into my pockets and then uh is she alive yeah i got a pulse oh shit do you know cpr
i do uh first aid on her to to do cpr okay roll that first aid clark would probably know how to
do cpr too but i got a pretty high it's a nine on a 60 yeah keith vigna actually passed that exam
more recently than you did yeah so keith as you begin doing cpr you realize that you have broken
the sternum of the corpse of your niece francis beans because she wasn't actually alive no not
even remotely keep going keith keep going you're you're doing good i swear i got a pulse i uh i
kick her body back into the the water whoa whoa oh i do it i did it
and i as as you do that um breaking the water john lee pettymore as you rise up you get hit
in the head i kicked her into the other side he did not dive in now he's got total corpse
and you guys help john lee pettymore holding cathy piston get onto the catwalk that you
guys have all been on for some time now but he's gag reflexing all over keith yeah well
they climb onto francis's floating dead body to uh hoist themselves up so that we can grab them
and then he throws up all over me you got her you got her him and i all it took was a little
bit of luck and i turned and winked to the camera uh is cathy looking alive and is she conscious
nope she is unconscious i know cpr
i just rolled to do it yeah you're in a pretty good mental state and you just succeeded
so let's have that roll roll on over to cathy piston so i do a very good nine out of whatever
i said 60 staying alive staying alive and i think it's staying alive
yeah clark knows first
nice and so cathy piston becomes spitting up this dirty water right into my mouth
right into keith's mouth that's usually what happens when you're rinsing away some of the
vomit that john lee pettymore just put there and she starts screaming she's like you you you
killed me you saved me thank you well we was only trying to save you but we accidentally
dropped you in that water i'm gonna need a second to recover one mississippi all right let's go
so keith why didn't why didn't you just do that with francis too because i think that you might
have uh felt your own pulse on her neck instead of hers i don't think that she was actually alive
when we fished her out of there i'm sorry oh i'm not actually sorry though she's a bitch so clark
grabbed her wrist with one hand and touched his neck with his other hand no no no he just felt
the heat of the moment man he's like you know what he didn't do it correctly and he felt the
pulse of his own finger and not her pulse which is uh no i i did the neck thing which you can still
feel your own finger pulse on so i think you might have just fucked it up but uh yeah i uh
tried to resuscitate a dead woman i tried my best though but then you resuscitated a live woman yeah
and it worked so made up for it so clark you might once we once we're done with this you might need
to take another first aid class but i think that's the least of our concerns today on that cpr that's
for sure i'm glad you're here though and i look at everybody i'm like i think i'm ready to uh
go see what's down there i want to go fuck marvin up yeah i think we should go and get us one more
recruit before we go though who do we got uh our boy back there man i i pissed him off around but
yeah but joe gave him a wink so also we can just leave you here and if we show up with kathy if
it's me and joe and kathy walking down there i mean i say hey who's joe i'm sorry the water really
addled my brains i was under for quite a while if me and uh clark and kathy walk on down there
and he sees that you know i'm i'm with the two alleged prisoners maybe you just hang back a
little you can i'll walk down a little bit with you but i'll hold back so i'll be i'll be close
enough that i can help it's crouched down i'll be outside of his view yeah crawl up well because
he's probably looking one way i'll just be right behind him where he can't see me that's such a
good idea that everybody should just do that and as you do that behind the person they're trying
not to be seen by it's very stealthy it's the only way clark looks down at kathy kathy are you uh
are you with us well i'm certainly not against you you want to you want to help us
in this little mission of ours what's the mission i i just take down water and glass and save the
world and i put on some sunglasses that just came out of my pocket she looks up and she's like if
you tell me where leo is then i will absolutely join you leo my brother-in-law he went missing
he didn't well we don't know where'd all the missing people go well we're trying we're trying
if you really are john lee pettymore and you two are fucking who you are then you know that
everyone in contention's been gone missing and where are they well you think we took them we're
trying to figure out the same as you but listen uh leo we saw leo disappear he was disappear
just apparate this uh you know uh he left this plane of existence but he was all already dead
but whose fault it is and we know this for fact it's marvin it's marvin glasses
fault this on the world who is mar who's you're in marvin glasses lair yeah right now
she knows who marvin glasses i fucked up oh okay well just do it listen to get it together yeah
kid fucking kathy you're a mess i forgot i forgot he's is a business partner technically so
i just forgot about one of my biggest clients back to that he's a business partner well yeah
i supply him with you know people yeah let's talk about that how you use a people supplier well we
don't really need to hop on into all that as soon as i lose my husband and have my whole world turned
upside down john we just need you to help us out right now should i have saved your life or is you
just a miserable sack of human trading shit look those people were compensated very fairly they
got a place to stay and they got you know they got food to eat and what'd you do to them no in
return i just borrowed them you know out to different people right so like you know i guess
clark you know maggie they're at the circle of knowledge she's been using them and i know how
mag has been using them do you know how marvin's been using them i didn't know marvin was using
well yeah marvin you know he's a little bit darker you know than uh than jim was for sure
but you know he certainly i don't know you know he he uses them for fights which isn't great you
know obviously but we he normally breeds them first and then you know they're not born into
a world where they're really known to any sort of comfort so i guess it makes it slightly better but
mostly i'm just getting that sweet sweet money and i you know i've been using all those people
down there uh you know uh getting getting my clicks from my business you are an awful sack
of human shit and everything wrong with capitalism in this world but uh what do you mean using them
different than jim jim cook yeah jim cook yeah he used to run he used to run the circle of knowledge
obviously and but what yeah but why did you compare him to marvin well just because i've
been working with jim for years and i've been working with marvin for years and uh you know
i always felt fine handing people over to they'd always come back and they'd you know keep staying
with me for a while but i was confused i thought marvin had inherited some kind of thing from jim
but i was i was simply confused that was the way i said it was confusing i well i do this does
bring me back to another point uh before i i dived into that water don't call me a hero but
but but clark what the hell what what is the circle of knowledge using these homeless folk
folk yeah about that um human experimentation no you know remember that thing i told you i
saw in that vision that big thing that scared the day of living daylights out of me well to
keep it contained wherever the plan of existence it's in they need people in that plan at all times
chanting to keep it there so they have a kind of continuous rotation of homeless people who
kind of sort of volunteer for it like they they they they're glad to be keeping that thing they're
well compensated all right well that's better that's better than death masses you are not off
the hook kathy i am now clearly thank you for getting me off the hook all right hey kathy good
pun but you still a human trafficker technically but you deal in lives technically but but nothing
you a butt ass fucking slaver guys after after this you're going down right now i don't think
we need to be arguing with each other right now i think we need to go get this guy off the hook
get him to help us we got plenty of guns for all of us to go storm marvin's place i'm gonna help
i'll take a gun i'm gonna help kathy to her feet and pull a pistol out of my waistband and hand it
to her wait wait what if we use kathy more like a human shield no offense kathy but you are a slave
and scum you said that super out loud and i'm saying i'm saying it to your face but like either
we kill you here right now or i don't i don't want her armed here's the thing kevin john uh
keith can attest to the fact that she's a crack shot she hit she hit me nailed her nailed his
foot from yard she wasn't even trying to kill me she shot me right where it couldn't kill me she's
a crack shot damn it i forgot you shot keith and that makes you at least half all right in my book
and i look down for a second and i'm like well anything that what did i do to my friends anything
that helps let's go get this guy off the hook and let's get our little army let's get let's get this
this force let's go do it fox force five i do hand her that pistol she takes it and puts it in
her butt no wow kathy come on she just puts it in her back back waistband back waistband thank you
her butt i would like to go over to the agent and do the same exact thing i did to fish out wow i
thought you were gonna say the same exact thing you did to him before no no it is awful to play
with you no uh i want to go over and uh play with uh the uh mechanism and try to because he's not
lowered down in i just want to move him back over to close to the catwalk and try to get him down
okay roll intelligence for me keith if you're doing that by yourself does anyone want to roll
hell to help me like we've done before yeah if i got an 11 a crit success okay yeah if john is
over there helping you have a much better shot cool cool so you guys walk over to the body of
agent trent shad with uh doug jacobs inside can i hang back and talk to kathy privately absolutely
i don't know if you want to do it now or later but as they're walking ahead to get agent doug
chad down i'm gonna kind of hold kathy's arm back a little bit i need to talk to you okay
you guys i'll have thomas and luke leave the room okay
all right so you see john lee pettymore and keith vigna begin to get doug jacobs off of his hook
and kathy looks at you and she's like what do you want to talk about
uh i i just wanted to pick your brain for a second here um do you trust maggie maggie
yeah you've been providing bodies it sounds like to her and jim for a while now i just
wonder what your thoughts on her are right now oh she's certainly a little bit more rough around the
edges than her old man was that's for sure she's been fine to deal with on my end but you know she
does have that fire in her eye in the last i don't know a couple years how long you've been
how long you've been providing bodies to them homeless folks to them gosh 20 years is there
any chance in the last year or two um they were coming back any different if the homeless people
ever spoken to you about changes or things that have been different about their time there at the
circle or now in the past what since the changeover happened you know about the changeover well i
mean clearly maggie's in charge now and because her old man died right jim died yeah yeah i was
i was wondering if there's been a change strangled in an alleyway in the city can you imagine god
anyway uh yeah no he was a he was a fine man to deal with seemed like he had his head on his
shoulders straight you know maybe a little bit of an alcohol problem but past that man who doesn't
have a vice but come to think of it i i haven't seen any of the the people i've dropped off with
her uh in the past uh week you know i typically you know she they'd normally keep them for a while
so i haven't gotten any back from her i will say i used to get them back from jim you know we'd
have a pretty daily rotation going in and out so it's unusual the amount of time it's been since
you've seen your stock i suppose so but i've been in the hospital with george past couple days you
know about a week now you know and uh we got dragged out there by these thugs so to clarify
you're you're like an independent contractor are you you're not part of the circle are you no
gotcha the circle no no god no i'm not part of any of that nonsense i'm just in it for the money
baby baby i'm just in it for the money baby all right all right kathy thanks thanks for talking
to me now he said leo disappeared what's that he disappeared like you don't know where he is or
he said he saw him disappear and then he said disappear which i have no idea what the fuck that
means well you you said it yourself people have been disappearing all over contention yeah but
i didn't think actually disappearing like not existing anymore well we're not exactly sure
that's exactly the case but that's what it looks like right now you saw my brother-in-law leo
piston he was there in front of you and then all of a sudden he was not yeah kathy uh john wasn't
lying he he was he was dead before he disappeared how do you remember uh that incident with the the
maxwell girl oh yeah she she finally got her revenge julie or ashley julie i was gonna say
if ashley got her revenge that would i mean you know not counting anything out of sorts these days
with everything that's going on but julie julie killed leo julie killed leo but kathy i'm here to
tell you i i killed julie some some modicum of justice was dealt she just throws her arms around
you and starts sobbing into your shoulder i uh clark doesn't know how to react to that very well
and i don't think he fully embraces her it's just kind of an awkward pat on the back what is a god
due to a crying woman oh fuck yeah
i have no idea
there there my flock
perfect yeah and the two of you go walking down the catwalk and you see that keith and
john have gotten doug jacobs down in the body of agent in the body of agent trinchette nice
and if we don't utilize it in its entirety it's a wasted opportunity and this podcast is
illegitimate bullshit i've actually listened to every episode uh about five times and there's
parts where like i feel like they don't even remember what they were doing
all right thomas luke can you guys use your radio voices from here on out
yeah i'll just use my voice you wanted us to sound sexy we can do a little bit of that
lady i'm just thinking god kate kate kate vigna didn't die so that i don't have to like figure
out a new character voice i don't give a fuck about keith i just don't want to have to do that
what character voice exactly if i die and i have a new character i'll have to do one
all right so clark bishop comes walking down the catwalk with kathy piston
yeah i'm gonna read you all that
okay clark bishop
god damn it
clark bishop and keith fuck you were nervous
clark i thought you were gonna do it again asshole clark bishop
let's do audio medium let's do three seconds and then go
clark bishop and kathy piston are walking down the catwalk and they get there just in time for
keith vigna and john lee pettymore to pull down doug jacobs in the body of agent and chad and the
five of you are standing on the catwalk i reach out a hand for a handshake from doug chad glad
to see you're still with us i i don't i don't and he looks extremely weak and dazed and he can't
really string any sort of semblance of a thought together right now hey man how do you feel um
about your own wishes versus our wishes vis-a-vis how you would carry your actions out
let me put this another way slap yourself in the face he shakes his head that's smart
yeah you shouldn't do that yeah that's a cop field examination for shock and you passed
i look at uh both my fellow i guess former officers at this point but both my fellow
officers and kathy and and trent chad and i like beckon behind us and i'm like we came
here for a singular purpose i think we ought to keep going that's right boys let's go kick some
glass
clap clap
do